hey guys in this video I'll be showing
you where to farm lovely charms to turn
into lovely charm bracelets to then turn
into love tokens or you can sell them on
the auction house for you know varies on
your server it's about forty gold each
on mine but I'd rather get them out so
instead of going to the stone core like
in other videos where the mobs are
harder to solo the bosses are harder
whatever come to throne of the tides on
regular mode kill the first boss and
then come to the gauntlet which is where
all of these purple elementals spawn
take out these big guys and then the
little guys continuously spawn most of
them dropping love tokens or love charm
sorry and the easiest way to do this is
to just stand in this puddle where most
the majority of them spawn or you can
run around collecting them but it's much
easier just to stand in the puddle so
it'll take about three to six hours to
farm enough tokens gah charm sorry God
to turn into the bracelets to then turn
into the tokens so you need 270 tokens
to get the mount which is 2700 charms to
turn into bracelets and my friend did
this the other day it took him five
hours so it's up to you you can either
stay here and farm or you can wait two
weeks to get it personally I'd farm a
little bit every day and then see how
much I could get for it on the auction
mills well that's me so as you can see I
sped it up for you but in about seven
minutes I have around a hundred and
twenty charms which twelve bracelets
twelve tokens so yeah thanks for
watching and subscribe for more
you